https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCQWqbMPb3504T5fjZi1Yxg #AnthasPlays
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZWadyLVO4ZnMgLrRVtS6VA #baby WOGUE
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw #BugsWriter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrUL8K81R4VBzm-KOYwrcxQ #Engineer Man
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxQKHvKbmSzGMvUrVtJYnUA #LearnLinuxTV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS25Y-2DUke9uOU5OtLwwgg #Linux Tex
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA #Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA #Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv1Kcz-CuGM6mxzL3B1_Eiw #Gardiner Bryant
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUMSHXWczvxHy9e8silnVNw #GloriousEggroll
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNnUnr4gwyNmzx_Bbzvt29g #Linux Scoop
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg #Wolfgang's Channel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeKE6c-kQXm4x_sJQxZPvlg #Linux Lounge
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd4XwUn2Lure2NHHjukoCwA #Linux For Everyone
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS97tchJDq17Qms3cux8wcA #ChrisAtMachine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw #ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw #The Linux Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA #Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjSEJkpGbcZhvo0lr-44X_w #TechHut
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ #Chris Titus Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh9IfI45mmk59eDvSWtuuhQ #Ryan George
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR9NuNwCUIhMOLUQnLN7_WA #Kyle Exum
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy0Pr5u-MwGXXzp_GDd4m_g #Julie Nolke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKpBmnEfSy20al-Fk_2YzVA #Alanah Pearce
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdQWs2nw6w77Rw0t-37a4OA #CaRtOoNz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpqXJOEqGS-TCnazcHCo0rA #theRadBrad
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7bxtst_qd-STxMecToKJDw #Aculite
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw7FkXsC00lH2v2yB5LQoYA #jackfrags
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN-v-Xn9S7oYk0X2v1jx1Qg #StoneMountain64
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCClNRixXlagwAd--5MwJKCw #H2ODelirious
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC72PuhDwKtZ5MikpGNhPAtA #TGG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmWuTGgH0ePB33biS1OA-BQ #Modest Pelican
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNvzD7Z-g64bPXxGzaQaa4g #gameranx
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw #Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB9_VH_CNbbH4GfKu8qh63w #DEATH BATTLE!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV6mNrW8CrmWtcxWfQXy11g #DarkViperAU
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdBK94H6oZT2Q7l0-b0xmMg #ShortCircuit
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSpFnDQr88xCZ80N-X7t0nQ #Corridor Crew
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo_IB5145EVNcf8hw1Kku7w #The Game Theorists
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg #DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFLFc8Lpbwt4jPtY1_Ai5yA #LMG Clips
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2WHjPDvbE6O328n17ZGcfg #ForrestKnight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX6OQ3DkcsbYNE6H8uQQuVA #MrBeast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA #TechLinked
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0vBXGSyV14uvJ4hECDOl0Q #Techquickie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3iNdSV_RQU7DHTGpqEW96w #Andrei Terbea
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ #Kalle Hallden
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYNrBrBOgTfHswcz2DdZQFA #DaFluffyPotato
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ #Casually Explained
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ9x-z3iOnIbJxVpm1rsu2A #iskall85
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIabPXjvT5BVTxRDPCBBOOQ #Dani
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFtOX-21N1earf-K58C7HjQ #Glarses
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY1kMZp36IQSyNx_9h4mpCg #Mark Rober
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfV0_wbjG8KJADuZT2ct4SA #Rich Rebuilds
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnj59g7jezwTy5GeL8EA_g #MindYourDecisions
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChFur_NwVSbUozOcF_F2kMg #Mumbo Jumbo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-MGHRKbmkden1SjxdL8UzA #nextProgram
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB4WnO_ELLYdSBxiFn3Wn1A #Matthew Shezmen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ #SomeOrdinaryGamers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ #freeCodeCamp.org
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBZiUUYeLfS5rIj4TQvgSvA #Channel Super Fun
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q #Kurzgesagt â€“ In a Nutshell
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvn_Po0SmunchJYOWpOxMg #videogamedunkey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw #Internet Historian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0e3QhIYukixgh5VVpKHH9Q #Code Bullet
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ0-OtVpF0wOKEqT2Z1HEtA #ElectroBOOM
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw #Ben Awad
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVeW9qkBjo3zosnqUbG7CFw #John Hammond
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w #LiveOverflow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA #IppSec
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0ZTPkdxlAKf-V33tqXwi3Q #HackerSploit
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q #The Hated One
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3s0BtrBJpwNDaflRSoiieQ #Hak5
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOpcACMWblDls9Z6GERVi1A #Screen Junkies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW6MNdOsqv2E9AjQkv9we7A #PwnFunction
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ #Sebastian Lague
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtUeziXLa_x3vvdzUinqE8w #Codeer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7dF9qfBMXrSlaaFFDvV_Yg #Gigguk
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjX0FtIZBBVD3YoCcxnDC4g #dcode
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA #Programming with Mosh
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR9Gcq0CMm6YgTzsDxAxjOQ #Grian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC24lkOxZYna9nlXYBcJ9B8Q #Stressmonster101
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCodkNmk9oWRTIYZdr_HuSlg #GoodTimesWithScar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuMJPFqazQI4SofSFEd-5zA #impulseSV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuQYHhF6on6EXXO-_i_ClHQ #FalseSymmetry
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU9pX8hKcrx06XfOB-VQLdw #xisumavoid
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUBsjvdHcwZd3ztdY1Zadcw #GeminiTay
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC32w6uX5qtmUtF4QQQ2PKaQ #Hermitcraft Recap - a show by fans for fans
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1GJ5aeqpEWklMBQ3oXrPQQ #PearlescentMoon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eEGT06FrWFU6VBnPOR9lg #Girlfriend Reviews
